Add x-robots-tag header (#1826)
zeit/docs: pages/docs/v2/edge-network/headers.mdx

A header often abbreviated as [HSTS](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Glossary/HSTS) that tells browsers that the resource should only be requested over HTTPS. The default value is `strict-transport-security: max-age=63072000` (2 years)

### `x-robots-tag`

> This header is automatically added with `noindex` to preview deployments (any domain not listed on a project) to prevent search engines from crawling them. A deployment without this header can be created by [pointing a production domain to it](https://vercel.com/docs/v2/custom-domains#adding-a-domain). If this is not desired, one can always disable the header manually using the [headers configuration](https://vercel.com/docs/configuration#project/headers).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This header is automatically added with `noindex` to [Preview Deployments](/docs/v2/platform/deployments#preview) to prevent search engines from crawling them. A deployment without this header can be created by [pointing a production domain to it](https://vercel.com/docs/v2/custom-domains#adding-a-domain). If this is not desired, one can always disable the header manually using the [headers configuration](https://vercel.com/docs/configuration#project/headers).
```
